Rename PublishBatch -> PublishMultiple (#303)
ably/ably-go: README.md

}

> // You can also publish a batch of messages in a single request.

Author: ```suggestion
// You can also publish multiple messages in a single request.
```

> err = channel.PublishMultiple(ctx, []*ably.Message{

Reviewer: Perhaps change the comment to "publish multiple messages" so not to confuse with a batch publish?

Author: Done at 30a6413.
